WWW.MY-SUBS.CO
Director Evans.
What... What the hell? How long
have you been standing there?
My apologies. sir.
I did knock a few times.
It's alright. Tell me what it is you need.
It's getting late.
May I go home for the day?
My apologies.
I ask ony because I have plans
for the evening.
Shall I adjust all our deadlines
to accommodate your personal schedule?
No. sir. It's just...
My son got into the Academy.
I... I wanted to surprise him.
Delightful. Another legacy hire.
Please extend my congratulations.
Find someone to fetch the UG2 sample
and you are free to go.
But at this hour. they've all gone home.
It's no problem. sir.
I'll grab the sample myself.
How very kind of you.
Fetch it and then get out of my sight.
Uh... Director Evans. I. uh...
But why?
Hm?
What happened in there?
Lost you for a sec.
Someone raise a jammer?
Hm. Connection was stable throughout.
Weird.
Man. oh. man.
That gig was a snore.
♪ Eyes. burning a way through me ♪
♪ Eyes. destroying so sweetly ♪
♪ Now. there is a fire in me ♪
♪ A fire that burns ♪
♪ This fire is out of control ♪
♪ I'll burn it. I'll burn it
I'll burn it. I'll burn it down ♪
They trespassed
on Arasaka premises.
Hit us in our own fucking facility.
The lab's research is focused
on Militech countermeasures.
The runner who killed Jamie
and Marcus. you think it's related?
Evans's head was blown off.
This was sloppy. violent. guns blazing.
Safe to say. not the same runner.
Finding the netrunner remains
our priority. Too dangerous. that one.
We know neither
their motive nor intentions.
Whoever they are. they're careful.
Not your average rogue runner
looking to make a name.
We're Arasaka Counterintel.
We never deal with average.
We'll need to take a detour
to get on the netrunner's trail.
Are we pursuing
Director Evans' killer?
A different trail. most likely.
But maybe we'll get lucky
and see them merge.
Let's switch it up.
See if the fixer angle bears fruit.
We'll need one of Militech's mutts.
Who do we know that's on their payroll?
Checking it now. What if this fixer
has ties to our runner?
What's to stop them from selling
information on the product to Militech?
Higher-ups want it kept secret.
All NC fixers are self-serving scoutbags.
They just need a push
in the right direction.
In the end. they're only glorified
corporate lapdogs existing to serve.
We'll remind them
who their real masters are.
They must be warned of what happens
when they bite the hand that feeds.
And just how will we do this?
We tell them
in the only language this city speaks.
Hmm?
Look out!
I was very nearly killed.
But Arasaka? How can you be sure?
You taking me for a fool?
Who else?
Even so. don't expect
a bump in hazard pay.
And corporate immunity
is still off the table.
What a joke!
Listen. your fuckup with Tanaka
already has this operation in the red.
With nothing to show for it.
We expect returns on our investments.
Want more resources. show us results.
And what the hell do you think
I've been so busy chasing?
Check your tone. Faraday.
You're running out of time.
Our patience is running thin.
You're aware that Arasaka's security
has been very tight.
They clearly view the cyberskeleton
as a market game-changer
worthy of their utmost vigilance.
You ask too much.
Don't lecture me. I know the stakes.
We know its worth. We know yours.
Not another eddie until you earn it.
We're done here.
Cocky self-important brat.
Fixer's made contact. As we foresaw.
There's a good boy.
What a mischievous little dog.
...tonight. so keep those optics tuned in.
First up is a top of the line...
David?
Huh?
Oh. sorry. my bad.
Did I wake you?
Can't sleep?
Couldn't shut my brain down.
- Oh.
- I'll turn it off.
Aren't you watching?
No. I just kinda zoning out.
- Enemies outnumber...
- Huh?
Only 250K to the Moon?
Cheaper than I thought.
Only for a one-way ticket though.
Yeah. true.
You remembered.
Huh?
Hmm. I need to sleep.
Okay. Goodnight. then.
...eurodollars. Get your one-way ticket now.
Pick up one new case...
Rundown diner meetup
with the counter-intel
of the world's greatest megacorp.
I thought you'd find
the familiarity reassuring.
Depends wholly on your answer.
The cyberskeleton project
is a delicate topic.
even within Arasaka.
It turned problematic
when Tanaka over-consolidated
the operational data.
How much does Militech already know?
Information is the lifeblood of my trade.
So. I do not share it freely.
We respect that
and understand
you're the best fixer for the job.
We'll gladly provide the compensation
Militech foolishly denied you.
As for the Tanaka mess.
consider your debt settled.
Now. I'm listening.
But of course. I would
need to add a few conditions.
Go on.
We must eliminate
any and all persons aware
of the cyberskeleton's existence.
Done.
- And one more thing.
- Yes?
A meddlesome netrunner.
Since Tanaka's death.
they have been interfering
with our data recovery efforts
regarding the cyberskeleton.
Do you have information on who it may be?
- Afraid not.
- Unfortunate.
We find this case especially curious.
Even if Militech were behind it.
we can't conceive of a reasonable motive.
From what my sources tell me.
not a single soul knows of Tanaka's ties
to the cyberskeleton project.
- An inside job?
- Impossible.
No one in the Arasaka subnet moves
internally without leaving breadcrumbs.
No. Our theory points outward.
Those skills are bounty's most likely
not corporate. an edgerunner.
A perfect job for a fixer.
wouldn't you agree?
Is this an official contract?
A cool million for bringing in
the runner alive.
Half of that for just their head.
We have a deal.
Whoa. Rare call. Butt dial?
Even possible on this?
Kiwi. hey.
What's up-up?
No. nothing.
- Just-just a question I need to ask.
- A question?
Not like. you know. No big deal.
Like-like how David's...
David? Fine. he's fine. For a punk.
Thought he'd need hand-holding. help.
but stepped up big. Big leader. Weird.
And Faraday. we're back on his payroll.
Heard. yeah.
Maine'd snap a circ.
zippf. if he saw David.
Hmm.
Some-something on your mind. Luce?
Hmm? No. no. Like. happy
to hear he's holding up. 's all.
Why call? Why? Come see him. Just...
Huh?
He's moping. waitin'. always is.
You. Wants you.
Wants you back ASAP. So-so-so obvious.
- Yeah. I know.
- Still a no-no no-go?
Nah. No. not yet.
Got something. but can't. Just
gotta do it. Won't take long. Not long.
Okay.
Fuckin' mysterious.
Even-even for you. Won't pry though.
Never trust a soul in NC.
Was me who taught you.
You? Oh yeah.
Remember that.
Look forward to having you
round-round again. Luce.
Meaning. God. do we need
David's handler back.
That bad. huh? Right. Later.
Huh?
Yeah. it's me.
I've got me some.
Are you ready to go around?
Empty!
Gotcha.
The fuck was that?
I. uh... My bad.
Alrighty. Be seein' ya.
Yeah.
- Falco! Let me off too. choom!
- Huh?
Well. damn. looks like a party for two.
Actually. need you
to drop me somewhere too.
Is that so? Pfft. Bunch of killjoys.
all of you all.
Yo. David!
No afterparty today?
Expect me to drink alone
with those old farts?
I can't promise I'll be any more fun.
You underestimate yourself!
You wanna take a walk?
Huh? Sure.
Nova!
Uh...
So. you been doing okay?
Meaning?
What was that today?
What was what?
You know exactly what I mean.
Froze up. 's all.
Been freezin' up a lot lately.
Think I don't notice?
Don't walk.
I'm fine.
- A woman's eyes can be shrewd.
- Don't walk.
- What woman?
- Pfft. Shut up!
Walk.
You know. ain't no one
I watch as close as I watch you.
Come on. David. What's the matter?
- It's nothing.
- Cut the shit. please.
It's not your problem. Becca.
Like hell it's not.
I put my life in your hands daily.
I know.
I've been thinking.
Hmm.
Go light
on your chrome for a while.
Don't you worry. I've got your back!
- Is that right?
- I'm being serious right now.
Remember the ally psycho
that zeroed my bro?
'Course.
I...
I can't see you end up like him.
Yeah.
Damn 'Saka still sending in runners?
...with a heart of gold and balls of steel.
Bobby Sox suspicious dual
holding safe deposit boxes
Last one. Last one.
Intel says last.
Security neutralized. And la-di-da.
Door's wide-wide open.
Hm? What? No. no. Wait!
David? David. copy?
Heat sig. You. there. not alone.
With someone.
On you. Right on you.
Get out. Out of there.
David. Copy. Come on.
But why?
♪ Sign ♪
♪ This is the sign ♪
♪ Your time to shine ♪
Talk to me. Talk. David. talk.
Uh. yeah. Yeah.
What? Deaf? Comms jam. What?
Someone. headed straight for you.
I handled it.
You did? Cool. Cool. Good.
Leaving. On my way.
...and they were posing
as corporate lawyers...
...needs to stop.
David!
♪ This is your destiny ♪
♪ This is your destiny... ♪
Morning. cupcake.
Doc.
Symptoms letting up a dial?
Yeah.
- When they start?
- What?
Shaky hands. dizziness. nausea.
Usual suspects.
A little while ago.
Shoulda handled it the sec they appeared.
Didn't seem like a big deal.
All this chrome's
catching up with you. Davey.
I mean. shit still blows my mind
you kept it together this long.
Whatev. Why now?
You want my professional opinion? You
best lift your pedal of the metal. choom.
You're about to drive head-first
off the cliff with no way back up.
Yeah. Just give me
fucking stronger meds. then.
Well. shit.
Either you ain't hearing me. choom.
or you're already off the deep end.
Asking for miracle drugs and pixie dust...
Listen. Didn't come here
for your golf jokes.
Just take my fucking money.
And give me my fucking meds.
David!
There.
Your last kweep.
Nine times standard dosage.
good for nine days.
It'll send you rollin' over the edge
and straight into hell.
I'm sorry. Doc. You didn't deserve that.
Don't waste your breath. Davey.
Not like you're ever
coming back here anyway.
Just yesterday a punk kid
pushing XBDs for a quick buck.
Go on. Become that legend.
Or whatever the fuck you merks do.
Another turn for the next dreamer.
David! Wait!
What was that?
Don't tell the crew.
I don't get it.
Hey!
Your body. your mind.
They have limits. David.
You knew that.
If normal meds can't cut it.
it's time to slow down.
Can't watch you do this to yourself.
Scale back your cyberware.
I can't do that.
Why not?
Because of Maine and my mom. Both
had plans for me. left me things to do.
Stuff I ain't done yet.
But you really... David.
you can't go on like this.
I'll be fine.
Honestly believe that?
Really think you're special?
Handled the Sandy. didn't I?
Definitely ain't normal.
So. you have a higher tolerance
than everyone else. that's all.
Doesn't mean you're not human. you know.
- I killed someone.
- Huh?
Reminded me of my mom.
Woman had a son too. About my age.
She was a bystander.
A normal person.
Who knows how many thugs I killed.
How many goons.
I lost count. Grew numb to it.
Maybe you're right.
Maybe I really am losing it.
David. look.
I ain't normal.
Said so yourself before. I'm different.
- You're not.
- I am!
You're not.
- You just don't get it.
- Huh?
You know. when Maine died.
didn't expect you to leave us too.
I had to.
I'm not mad.
Why not?
You deserve a way
out of this life.
David. no. I... I'm not trying to...
That mean you'll come back?
You and me again. Turn back the clock.
Can't quite do that yet.
- Need just a little more time.
- What for?
There's something I have to do.
Can't tell me?
Wish I could.
- Just say it.
- Can't.
'Cause you don't trust me?
I'm sorry.
Whatever. Forget it.
Maybe we should...
you know. go our separate ways.
No. wait. That's not what I want.
♪ Living the way that you... ♪
I'm sorry. David. But I just... I gotta go.
Huh? Go where?
I really need to.
Sure.
We'll talk when I get home.
But please. Wait for me.
♪ You are ♪
♪ Flying down ♪
Net index. Same runner as before.
There you are.
So simple. And here.
I expected fireworks.
Looks like we just landed
our ticket into Arasaka.
Magnificent job. Kiwi.
♪ They will finally feel the flames ♪
♪ Flames that run down through my veins ♪
♪ I will make the city burn ♪
♪ When I'm planning to return ♪
♪ Trying so hard to be free ♪
♪ To make you see what I see ♪
♪ Hold onto your wishes ♪
♪ If you can't hold on to me ♪
♪ Forgive me for letting you down ♪
♪ Forgive me for letting you down again ♪
♪ I guess I'm not strong enough ♪
♪ Right now ♪
♪ Let you down ♪
♪ Oh. let you down ♪